docs: vue storefront and nextjs first guide (#7071)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/guides/2.understanding-vue-storefront/1.index.md

---
title: 
layout: default
---

> # Understanding Vue Storefront

Reviewer: How about "Vue Storefront Essentials" instead?

> On this page you'll find a set of guides that will help you to understand the fundamentals of Vue Storefront and how different parts of our stack will help you to build your Vue Storefront application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide that will allow you to understand how elements of Vue Storefront stack play together by building a small version of a production storefront from scratch.
```

Below you will find a list of guides to help you get started with Vue Storefront. 

::grid{:columns="3"}

> #section-1

Reviewer: I would make it full-width and hide the rest until it's ready
